Just two more steps to make sure that we get our e-mail input working with redux instead of local component
state the first thing we need to do is make sure that our douceur watches for an action of the appropriate
type.
So right now it's always just passing back state object which right now is just an empty object with
an email property.
We need to make sure that we watch for this action of type email changed and then update our state object
appropriately.
Now let's look over to my auction creator email change so here it is right here I'm inside my actions
index file.
Right now we've got a type of e-mail changed and that type is you know very literally a string as a
string that says email change.
So I want to pause here for a second and point something out to you.
This stream right here is forming an incredibly strong link between this action and to reduce or write
like this string right here this literal string right here we have to reproduce over inside of our douceur
file right here and make sure that there's like no typos in there whatsoever.
And if I end up making a small typo on either side so something like you know email changed or email
change right like it's so easy to make a typo like that what's the difference if I make a typo like
that then my reducer is never going to properly pick up on this action when it's dispatch.
So if I live to solve this issue the convention the redux community is to make variables to hold our
actions tight.
So let's pull up a diagram and check out what the idea behind this is.
OK so we're going to make a new file called types Dot.
Yes.
A new file just called types inside this file.
We're going to make a set of constant variables and assign them a string.
So we will create a variable like capital email changed equals email changed or another one like password
underscored change equals password change.
So these two variable names email change and password change.
And we're going to assign them a string then we are going to import that into both our reducer and our
action.
And we're going to use that variable as opposed to just a raw string.
So the the point here the idea behind this is that we're going to avoid making any very small typo like
you know accidentally dropping off the D or the II or whatever it might be and that literal string that
we're typing out by using a variable instead.
If I reference a variable like email changed like all capitals right here and I say drop off the deep
inside of the action file I'm going to get a big error message that says like hey I got no no no idea
what variable you're referencing here.
Like email change I have no idea what that is.
And so it's a very clear signal to you as the developer that OK you know what I must of made a typo
somewhere in there I need to go fix up my tights.
So let's let's give it a shot.
See how it works in practice.
Honestly it's not the worst thing in the world so let's just kind of blow through it real quickly and
some of my actions folder.
I'm going to make a new file called types.
Yes.
Now inside of here we're going to put all the definitions for all the different types that we're going
to have in our application over time.
So one file all of the actions types than inside of here we will say export Konst email.
Change is a lowercase string email change.
Now one thing that I want to point out to you like really could just be really clear about this.
This string right here does not have to match the variable name.
There is absolutely no tie between the value of the string and the variable name.
This just has to be a string that is unique against all of the other actions we have.
Because remember the only purpose of it is to make sure that we've got some like a little marker on
both the action and the reducer so it can be anything we want by convention I like to make it just the
same as the actions name.
So it really doesn't matter if I use lowercase characters or uppercase.
No big difference there.
All right so now we've got our action type defined We're not going to flip over to my actions file so
I can go to actions index start.
And then at the top we're going to import that action type that we've just created.
So at the top I will import e-mail changed from types and it's in the same directory so I'm going to
do just dot slash types.
Finally instead of the type of just a string right here I will replace this with email.
Change goal looks good just to be really clear about one of the things I get a lot of questions about
this inside of my type's file.
I expect to export many different types from this file.
Right we're going to have like a lot of different types because we're going have a lot of different
actions.
So because I expect to export many different things from here I'm going to make what is called a named
export.
So I you say export Konst.
And then the variable name notice decided to not use the default keyword and I didn't use the default
key word because I expect to export many other types like this from this file.
The flip side of that again is that whenever I import from the types file I have to use the curly braces
to say hey you know what.
There's many different things inside that types file.
I specifically want email changed and I indicate that by using the curly braces all right now the next
thing you need to do is pull this type into our author reducer.
So I'm going to flip over to the author douceur your ideas and at the top we'll import that actions
type so import email changed from type actions types.
And inside the switch statement.
We will now add a new case of email changed.
And then right here is where we'll put our logic to handle this new e-mail that's coming across inside
the action.
One other very common error that oh man.
Let me let me just tell you.
This is by far the most common error that I see in any redux application any question I get like it's
probably a 10 percent chance it's tied to this bug that I'm about to tell you right now.
One thing to be aware of with i named exports like this.
You know what we're using right here is that I can pull in any arbitrary property that I want from this
actions types file right.
I can use something like email changed blah blah blah.
Even if it doesn't exist I can try to import this in no air will be thrown I know arrow will be thrown
the what's going to happen is if I cancel logged this value right here I'm not going to actually run
this code so please do not reproduce this.
If I did a console right here this would come across as undefined.
OK so it come across as undefined.
I'm not going to see an error message and what the result is is that if I then use this like Mystery
undefined type right here inside of my reducer I'm going to essentially have a case of case undefined.
But as we all know every action must have a type of not undefined like it must have a declared type.
And so my action will never catch anything inside the reducer.
So extremely common air that I see all the time.
If you ever come across a situation where you're thinking to yourself you know gee whiz I know I'm calling
the action creator.
I have like you know a console log in there or something but it seems that the reducer is never actually
picking up on this action.
And if you ever say that to yourself the first thing you look at is the import statement up here.
I want to look at this I want you to say OK did I actually define an action of this type up here.
And if he did great it must be something else.
But you know double check and make sure that that action actually exists in a really easy way that you
can troubleshoot that is just at a console log in here and say like you know action a very easy way
to make sure that your actions type is actually properly defined.
OK.
So anyway it's a little bit of a side note there but I know that some number of people will make that
mistake and so I just probably saved some number of you for making a frustrating little little mistake
there so it is worth the time to mention.
OK.
So our reducer is now properly catching on type e-mail changed which means we'll take a quick break
and come back in the next section and figure out how we're going to update our state object inside the
reducer is going to open a big can of worms.
And definitely one of the most important topics in this entire application.
So let's take care of it in the next section.